have
[Music]
the monster from the pockets
we've been here over two years
i need to get out of here
i need noise i need people
if you want to talk it's a satellite
phone
i bought it off the black market with
helsinki it's unregistered
my name is tokyo i'm looking for my
transporter
welcome to thailand
what are we gonna rub
the gold gold the national reserve at
the bank of spain
no it's not my plan your father's
[Applause]
[Music]
we need you the state has declared war
on us a filthy war
and we've decided to stand up to them
the police have arrested one of us
in a foreign country
he's being held captive in some unknown
place and in all likelihood
they are torturing him you put it on
or aspen puts it on
i'm captain garrido first platoon six
pre-pack company lieutenant alcazar my
orders are to assume control over the
security of the building remove these
[Applause]
[Music]
people
excuse me governor my name is lieutenant
lorenzo
you need to come with us we have an
armored car ready to evacuate you as
soon as possible at this moment
i'm not leaving my office my name is
palermo
and i have two pieces of news for you
the bad news is that the bank of spain
is under attack
and the good news
is that we're the ones attacking it
fine
i'm gonna take this off okay nice and
slow nice and slow
carefully very good how are you feeling
i'm absolutely [ __ ] louise
can't do it i'm sorry you take over
don't worry either we make a hole and
weld the interconnecting tube
in that time or else we all end up in
prison
at your service inspector
denver no doubt he's the most seasoned
moscow son denver i'm telling you
either you give me the [ __ ] key right
now or you'll be counting bills
with your [ __ ] stumps
oh god
the state will permit you to provoke the
army out into the streets
if we remove those little red boxes and
they see them
it'll take less than a second to know
what we have and we will own them
for the secrets of the ministry of the
interior
foreign affairs intelligence how they
spend the state reserve fund
how marvelous
and here we turn the liquid gold into
little granules
small pellets you know like little
grains of bread melissa sierra
for those of you who don't know me yeah
and i'll be taking over the negotiation
of the heist
let's get this party started tokyo rio
is in spain
all entry points are covered we have to
be sure where they're going to enter
don't wait till it's full of gas we've
got 10
a permanent minutes very good
very good i'm not going to hand over a
detainee
the police don't just deliver criminals
hand him over
[Music]
we came to rescue you
um
tokyo
i can't be with you
stay alive kill you
our soldiers everywhere did you get up
there no
i had to improvise there's a farm
400 meters south of your location
who came here to rescue you and the
first thing you do is break up with
tokyo
denver it's a personal thing personal my
ass tokyo is a [ __ ] bomb ready to go
[ __ ] [ __ ] what the hell
do you want
i can make you an offer i have your son
i have him here right next to me hello
my surrender buy some time until i get
there
i can tell them where is the professor i
don't know where the professor is
almost there okay
i'm almost there let's get out
my babies fire now robbie get back
they executed lisbon
fire
the professor had fallen for his own
trap
the ear has a unique ability to cause
paranoia fake her execution
he'll be listening to destroy us
[Music]
you